h1. DjangoJames

"The same procedure as last year? – The same procedure as every year"

h2. Some usfull features:

* Nice Form rendering 
* Some Form validation helpers
* Thumbnail Model Field with advanced cropping methods (based on "django-thumbs":http://code.google.com/p/django-thumbs/)
* Export instances as csv
* Simple XLS Response (including multiple sheets)
* Easy statistics with "Highchart.js":http://www.highcharts.com/
* Improved admin theme with "django-admin-tools":https://bitbucket.org/izi/django-admin-tools/
* Advanced statistics admin module (including Goggle Analytics Stats)

h2. Additional Management commands:

* dumpdb: Dump project db
* loaddump: Load a db dump
* fooemails: Set fake emails
* dumpalldata: Dump all data to json files
* resetload: Recreate a databse and load jsons

h2. Usage

h3. Commands: 

use manage.py <commands> -h

h3. Admin enhancment:

In urls.py

bc.. urlpatterns = patterns('',
url(r'^james/', include('djangojames.urls')), 
)

p. In settings.py

bc.. INSTALLED_APPS = (
'djangojames',  
)

FIXTURE_DIRS = (
    os.path.join(PROJECT_ROOT, 'external_fixtures/'),
)

PROJECT_ROOT = os.path.dirname(os.path.abspath(__file__))

# Optional
ADMIN_TOOLS_THEMING_CSS = 'djangojames/css/admin_theming.css'
ADMIN_TOOLS_INDEX_DASHBOARD = 'djangojames.admin_dashboard.CustomIndexDashboard'

h2. Dependencies

* django >= 1.3.1

h3. Optional

Admin enhancment:

* django-admin-tools >=0.4.0
* FeedParser >=5.0.1

Statistics

* "Highchart.js":http://www.highcharts.com/

h2. License

See LICENSE.

